Doc-5684 New product name (#203)
datastax/pulsar-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/luna-name.adoc

{product-full} is the new name for {product} after IBM acquired DataStax.
In this documentation, {product} and {product-full} refer to the same product.

> For an overview of IBM Elite Support for Apache Pulsar, see the https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/supportforpulsar?topic=elite-support-pulsar[IBM Elite Support for Apache Pulsar documentation].

Reviewer: These are the docs so need to differentiate the IBM page from these docs.

```suggestion
For technical specifications, inclusions, and exclusions of the {product} offering, see the https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/supportforpulsar?topic=elite-support-pulsar[{product} page in the IBM documentation].
```
